Mr. Guo, it’s not the New Year yet?
I didn't bring any red envelope. grown ups,
Why do you want me to be the class leader? We are in the same group.
Mom, what you asked me to do,
I did it all, and I didn’t even know you.
Mom, I was wrong, I asked you to give him a lesson,
I don’t want to take any of the lessons he gave me.
How can I ask for money to buy something?
So I will give you Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu
Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu.
Xu, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, eh, kill him, kill him, kill him